AcademicIT Club
CLUB name is Kurug.
Club Room Student Center Room 405, 406, 409, 410
Website https://KHLUG.org
Internal Affairs Manager (Representative) Park Jeong-sik (College of Software Convergence, Department of Computer Engineering)
Diplomacy Manager Cha Yu-na (College of Life Sciences, Department of Food and Life Sciences)
Development Manager Kim Hyeon-woo (College of Software Convergence, Department of Computer Engineering)
Public Relations Manager Jang Min- seo (College of Foreign Studies, Department of Korean Language)
Personnel Manager Park Yeon-hu (College of Applied Science, Department of Space Science)
Support Manager Choi Yeon-wook (College of Applied Science, Department of Applied Mathematics)
Secretary Manager Hong Yeo-jun (College of Software Convergence, Department of Software Convergence)
"Kuraug" aims to conduct research and development activities on all IT technologies and related fields in the world.
A world where dreams unfold through coding, a future created through programming
This is Kyunghee University's Central IT Club, Kurug! Recruitment is ongoing, and applications for membership are only accepted online, so please refer to the website .
For inquiries: we_are@khlug.org
KHLUG is the central IT club of Kyung Hee University whose main purpose is to conduct research and development activities on all IT technologies and related fields in the world.
The future of humanity will be created through programming, and people will unfold their dreams through coding. Krug is conducting activities such as coding education, programming study, research projects, and presentation seminars to find central talents in the advancing world.
We are not bound by majors. For those who know nothing about programming, we have basic coding education and some applied education. Those with ideas can develop services with other members. If you are a programming expert, you can share your skills with others or start research using Kuraug's research support system. Kuraug pursues free challenges.
Activity Report
---
Hobbies and CultureHobby lecture club
CLUB name is Connect
Club Room Student Center Room 514
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/connect_khu/
Chairman (Representative) Lee Hyeon (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Vice Chairman Park Jun-woo (Department of Applied Physics, College of Applied Science)
General Affairs Yoo Seung-jae (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
The purpose of this club is not to give professional lectures, but to have ordinary college students choose a light topic, 'hobby', and plan and execute a lecture in front of the club members. Through 'hobby lectures', I hope to realize and concretize, and also gain motivation, and later share information through discussions with the club members and gain inspiration for myself.
In these times when human interaction has been significantly reduced due to the era of the pandemic, it is trying to be a hopeful escape for college students who are new to society and need to gain experience in forming networks. In addition to forming networks, the current youth unemployment rate is at an all-time high, and Korean society is always instilling in college students an unconscious pressure of 'efficiency' in time management and activities. Therefore, this is a club that maintains a 'project' that can record and appeal 'Connect' activities to external activities and the job market, along with forming networks.
---
religionGospel movement, missionary club
CLUB name is Gospel
Club Room Student Center Room 618
Homepage www.gospelian.net
President (Representative) Yoo Ye-jin (Department of Korean Language, University of Foreign Studies)
1. Music missionary university evangelization
2. Cultural missionary world evangelization
3. Establishment of pure gospel and proclamation of gospel
4. Spiritual growth of members and fellowship with members
"Kyunghee University's central club GOSPEL"
It is a Christian club that was established independently at Kyunghee University's International Campus in 1986 and is affiliated with the Christian United Student Association.
In a generation where the true gospel has been diluted and faded, we are working to spread the true gospel movement by embracing the nations and campuses with the biblical gospel.
Every Tuesday at 6:00 PM
Regular worship service every Thursday at 6:00 PM
www.gospelian.net
---
Exhibition CreationCartoon Club
CLUB name is Comic communication
Club Room Student Center Room 403, 404
Homepage https://cafe.naver.com/mantong714
Chairman (Representative) Noh Seung-joo (Department of Theater and Film, College of Arts and Design)
Vice Chairman Hong Min-ki (Department of Space Science, College of Applied Science)
Executives Kim Min-ji (Department of Software Convergence, College of Software Convergence)
Executives Oh Han-eol (Department of Genetic Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Executives Kang Chan-seok (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
The purpose of this conference is to foster general activities related to comics, knowledge and skills related to comics as multimedia, and to foster human bonds among members.
---
religionChristian Worship Club Club
CLUB name is UCM
Club Room Student Center Room 604
Chairman (Representative) Jeong Sun-jong (Department of International Studies, College of International Studies)
Vice Chairman Hwang Jae-hyeon (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Secretary Jeong Eun -gyeol (Department of Global Communication, College of Foreign Studies)
General Affairs Kim Han-gyeom (Department of Postmodern Music, College of Arts and Design)
This is a club that freely worships God with instruments and voices on the campus of Kyung Hee University. Through gatherings in which anyone can participate, such as open praise and regular worship, we spread God's love for Kyung Hee University on campus.
UCM is an abbreviation for University Cell & Mission , a faith community that serves the campus and the world with the gospel and raises disciples.
University : Campus
Cell: Small Groups and Discipleship
Mission: Calling and Mission
Main activities  
Regular Service (Thursday 6:00)
Praise the Lord
evangelism
Meditation on the Word
---
Taken awayPopular music club
CLUB name is vane
Club Room Student Center Room 705, 706
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/this_is_barbee http://Facebook.com/brgb
Chairman (Representative) Kim Tae-jin (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Planning Choi Woo-chan (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
General Affairs Shin Sang-woo (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering) Public Relations
Ok Yu-jeong (Department of Russian Language, College of Foreign Studies)
The purpose is for people who like popular music to meet, complete a song, and perform it, and to foster friendship during the preparation process.
"Baramgaebi" is the only popular music club at Kyunghee University, and they enjoy singing regardless of genre, including ballads, jazz, and R&B.
The goal is for people who love music to meet, complete a song, and perform it, and to foster friendship during the preparation process.
Their main activities include various stage performances, busking, and regular performances.
You can check out various stage videos on Instagram @this_is_barbee.
---
AcademicBrain-Cognitive Science Club
CLUB name is Brainwork
Club Room Student Center Room 619
Homepage https://cafe.naver.com/braintwork
President (Representative) Song Won-seop (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Co-Vice President, Operations Team Leader Yoon Seo-hyeon (Department of Child and Family Studies, College of Human Ecology )
Co-Vice President, Academic-Planning Team Leader Nam Seon-woo (Department of Medicine, College of Medicine)
Public Relations Team Leader Ahn Seong-hyeon (Department of Hospitality Management, College of Hotel and Tourism)
Academic-Planning, Public Relations Team Members Kyung-seok Cho (Department of International Studies, College of International Studies)
Operations Team Member Yoon-seo Lee (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
The main purpose of this association is to conduct multidisciplinary academic activities encompassing brain cognitive science, philosophy of mind, and artificial intelligence.
Brainworks explores artificial intelligence and the philosophy of psychology, focusing on brain cognitive science.
Specifically, we are conducting various academic activities such as studies, seminars, and workshops, and they are being operated systematically.
Welcome to everyone interested in brain and cognitive science!
Braintwork Naver Cafe https://cafe.naver.com/braintwork
Brainwork Instagram https://www.instagram.com/khu_braintwork/
Brainwork YouTube https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCunQ49TCZ1eNQcIByJGy6yQ
---
gymSoccer club
CLUB name is Amateur soccer
Club Room Student Center Room 501
Homepage https://instagram.com/khu_amfc?igshid=OGQ5ZDc2ODk2ZA==
Chairman (Representative) Ha Heon-seong (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Chairman Ahn Se -ho (Department of Physical Education , College of Physical Education) General Affairs Jeong Hee-yeon (Department of Sports Guidance, College of Physical Education)
Operation Team Leader Kim Ye-seong (Department of Physical Education , College of Physical Education)
Manager Kim Min-seon (Department of Physical Education , College of Physical Education)
Vice General Affairs Kim Hyeon-seo (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Captain Park Byeong-jun (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
This club aims to promote friendship among students and to improve athletic ability and health through exercise.
Kyung Hee University's only central soccer club, Amateur Soccer!
Regular training every Monday from 6-8 PM or 8-10 PM, every other Wednesday from 6-8 PM or 8-10 PM
Participation in competitions such as GUFA (Gyeonggi Province University Soccer Tournament), KUFA (Korea University Soccer Tournament), KUSF (Korea University Sports Association Soccer Tournament), and SUCL (Suwon Samsung University Student Champions League)
Events such as MT, year-end party, OB-YB exchange, E-SPORTS competition, and futsal competition are held.
---
Exhibition CreationDesign Project Club
CLUB name is Ribble
Club Room Student Center Room 712, 713
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/re_blank_/
President (Representative) Kim Jeong-won (Department of Environmental Landscape Design, College of Arts and Design)
Vice President Kim Hye-won (Department of Environmental Landscape Design, College of Arts and Design)
This club is a place where we work on projects and communicate with people from various fields to broaden our design spectrum.
---
serviceHome repair volunteer club
CLUB name is cookie
Club Room Student Center Room 606, 715
Website https://www.instagram.com/khukey/
Chairman (Representative) Park Ho-jun (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Vice Chairman Jeong Jae-hee (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
General Affairs Bae Joo- young (Department of French, College of Foreign Studies) Planning
Department Member Lee Da-yoon (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering) Planning Department Member Ji Seong-jeon (Department of Civil Infrastructure Systems Engineering , College of Engineering) Planning Department Member Ahn Seong-jun (Department of Civil Infrastructure Systems Engineering, College of Engineering) Planning Department Member Baek Ye-won (Department of Geography, College of Science) Public Relations Department Member Park Myeong-seon (Department of Smart Farm Science, College of Life Sciences) Public Relations Department Member Yoon Sang-yeon (Department of Applied Mathematics, College of Applied Science) Public Relations Department Member Noh Ga-young (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design) Public Relations Department Member Seo Min-ji (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design) General Affairs Department Member Lim Yoon-ji (Department of French, College of Foreign Studies) General Affairs Department Member Kim Hyo -jeong (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence) General Affairs Department Member Lee Hee-chan (Department of Architecture, College of Engineering) General Affairs Department Member Choi Jae-woo ( Department of Mechanical Engineering , College of Engineering)
This association practices sharing hope with neighbors in need due to disasters. The purpose is to train personnel who can be immediately deployed to affected areas when natural disasters or man-made disasters occur. In non-disaster situations, sharing is practiced through regular home repair and goods delivery volunteer activities. In addition, the aim is to promote active friendship between our school and other universities.
Paint it with love and spread hope. 
Hello, this is Kyunghee University's home repair volunteer club khu-key
It is a volunteer club that paints and replaces flooring for disaster-stricken families in the Suwon area in cooperation with the Suwon City Volunteer Center and the Hope Bridge National Disaster Relief Association. 
---
gymJudo Club
CLUB name is Ghost
Club Room Student Union Building 519
Chairman (Representative) Lee Jung-nam (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Vice-Chairman Hong Ki-jun (Department of Japanese Language, College of Foreign Studies)
Training Director Lee Seok-min (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
General Affairs Park Chae-won (Department of Sports Medicine, College of Physical Education)
Public Relations Director Kim Gwan-young (Department of Taekwondo, College of Physical Education)
Through the sport of judo, we can train our bodies and minds to become healthy people, and we can foster friendships not only with the Physical Education College but also with other colleges.
<Name>
- The name of this club is ‘YooHoon’.
<Purpose>
The basic idea of ​​Judo,  Yu-neung-je-gang (柔能制剛)  , means 'the soft can overcome the strong and hard', and it is the basic principle of Judo and is trained based on the basic idea of ​​Judo.
The basic idea of ​​Yuhon, Yeshiyejong (禮始禮終), means  'beginning with courtesy and ending with courtesy' and is the basic principle of Judo and is practiced based on the basic idea of ​​Judo.
The club's goal is to improve physical fitness through induction, thereby contributing to improving physical fitness test scores, to train each other's body and mind to become healthy people, and to promote friendship not only among the Physical Education College but also among seniors and juniors from other departments.
<Member>
1. Club members must be students at Kyunghee University.
2. Both new and current students can participate in all club activities.
3. Members of this club have the right to vote, be elected, and make decisions regarding the club.
4. They have a duty to faithfully implement the articles of association and the decisions of the executive board.
5. Members have the duty to maintain courtesy and dignity among themselves within the club with good faith and sincerity.
<Expulsion of Member>
- When expelling a member, it is done through a meeting called to discuss the expulsion, assuming that there is a valid reason, and the expulsion is done when more than half of all members participating in the meeting agree to the expulsion of the specific member.
---
Taken awayblack music club
CLUB name is Rap-in
Club Room Student Center Room 402, 412
Homepage https://instagram.com/rapin_khu?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA==
Chairman (Representative) Kim Jong-ho (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Vice
Chairman Jeong Sang- hoon (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering) General Affairs Lee Jin-hyeop (Department of Information and Electronic Materials Engineering, College of Engineering)
MC Director Hwang Hyeok-soo (Department of Computer Engineering , College of Software Convergence)
MIDI Director Jeong Yun-seo (Department of French, College of Foreign Studies)
Street Dance Director Jang Eun-seo (Department of Software Convergence, College of Software Convergence)
R&B Director Jeon Jin-ha (Department of Sports Guidance, College of Physical Education)
Graffiti Director Ha Chae-yeon (Department of Industrial Design, College of Art and Design)
Management Director Ahn Yong-ro (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
The purpose is to promote friendship and improve the skills of students at Kyunghee University who are interested in hip-hop and black culture.
The only black music club in Kyunghee University's international campus, Ravin, is named 'Rap-in' in English and 'in the rap' in Chinese characters, meaning '來彬', meaning 'light comes'. Ravin was founded on March 14, 1999, and currently has a club room (room 402) and Ravin recording studio on the 4th floor of the student center. Various departments such as MC, Street Dance (SD), Graffiti, R&B, MIDI, and Management are actively involved. Anyone with even the slightest interest in any department can participate and participate in the club, and you can improve your skills while receiving feedback from other club members. If your goal is not to improve your skills but simply to be interested in black music, you can participate in the club, participate in various events, and build friendships with the club members. The main club activities include weekly general meetings and departmental practices, and there are also various activities such as MTs, regular performances, busking, festival performances, and parties. Also, since we belong to the University Hip Hop Club Association, we perform and participate in activities with other university clubs twice a year, and we are able to develop friendships through musical exchanges with various people outside of school.
---
AcademicReading and Discussion Club
CLUB name is Tok tok tok
Club Room Student Center Room 607
Chairman (Representative) Song Yoo-young (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Vice Chairman Kwon Min-seo (Department of Applied Physics, College of Applied Science)
Our club is a reading and discussion club. Members are students who transferred to the Seoul Campus and the International Campus. Since reading books is an activity that anyone can do regardless of age or gender,
people from various departments are members. The many thoughts and ideas that come from reading books are very valuable and valuable products. This club aims to
combine these valuable thoughts with discussion activities to avoid being trapped in narrow-minded thinking and to broaden the scope of each individual's thinking.
---
Taken awayDrama Club
CLUB name is Kyunghee Theater Company
Club Room Student Union Building 411, 701
Homepage https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100008934577668 / http://www.instagram.com/khu_theater_troupe / https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCp7WeD7204QeTzoxyV-Ip3w
Chairman (Representative) Hong Jeong-hyeon (Department of Electronic Engineering, College of Electronics and Information)
Vice Chairman Lee Hu-gyeom (Department of International Studies , College of International Studies)
General Affairs Cha Jae-hyeok (Department of Golf Industry , College of Physical Education)
Executives Song Chae-rin (Department of Industrial Design, College of Arts and Design)
Executives Choi Won-jun (Department of Information and Electronic New Materials Engineering, College of Engineering) Executives Lim Yu-min (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design)
Executives Jang Han-i (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design)
Executives
Kwon Hee-jung (Department of Applied Chemistry, College of Applied Science)
Executives Seo Hye-min (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design)
Executives Park Ji-min (Department of Korean Language, College of Foreign Studies)
This association aims to contribute to the cool-headed laws of social, cultural, and artistic development based on the creative spirit of university students historically endowed, and to carry out all theater activities with advanced formal diversification and experimental spirit as university students.
This is the Kyung Hee Theater Arts Research Group (commonly known as the ‘Kyung Hee Theater Group’), the central theater club of the Kyung Hee University International Campus.
We are currently focusing on regular performances prepared every summer and winter vacation, as well as workshops for new students every year.
Anyone interested in acting or working as a staff member in theater is welcome. We aim to create a club for people who are not professionals but who need a place to put their interest and effort into theater.
If you are interested in Kyunghee Theater, please contact us at any time.
[Contact] Chairman Hong Jeong-Hyeon 010-7543-1835
---
gymClimbing Club
CLUB name is KHUCC
Club Room Student Center Room 620
Homepage http://cafe.naver.com/higherthannow
Chairman (Representative) Kim Jae-kyung (Department of Genetic Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Vice Chairman
Kim Ji-hyun (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design) Secretary Byeon Seok-jun (Department of Electronic Engineering, College of Electronics and Information)
Executive Member Namgung Yu-dam (Department of Electronic Engineering, College of Electronics and Information )
Executive Member Kim Chae-woon (Department of Sports Guidance, College of Physical Education)
Accountant Han Sang-woo (Department of Nuclear Engineering, College of Engineering)
Design Lee Yoon-ah (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design)
Executive Director Yoon Sang-kyu (Department of Nuclear Engineering, College of Engineering)
The purpose of this club is to promote friendship among members through sports climbing and to contribute to the health management and skill development of members.
Kush KHUCC Rules and Regulations
Article 1 (Name)
This club is called 'Kyung Hee University Sports Climbing Club KHUCC' (hereinafter referred to as "this club").
Article 2 (Purpose)
The purpose of this club is to promote friendship among members through sports climbing and to contribute to the health management and skill development of members.
Article 3 (Qualifications)
1. Only adults (19 years of age or older) who can participate in regular exercise can register as members.
2. New members will undergo a one-week training period.
You should check if sport climbing is right for you, pay your membership fee after completing the training period, and obtain your own equipment.
3. Members must participate in the sports climbing safety training period conducted during the semester. 
4. Members are required to attend one of the two regular exercise sessions per week.
5. If a member has difficulty carrying out his/her activities due to unavoidable circumstances, he/she may apply for a leave of absence. However, his/her qualifications will be recognized even during the leave of absence and he/she will not have to pay an opportunity fee.
Article 4 (Disciplinary action)
1. If you do not attend regular exercise or safety training periods without a special reason, you may be expelled from the membership.
2. If a member commits an act that hinders camaraderie among members or threatens safety during exercise, the president and executives will issue a warning at their discretion when the level of the act is serious. If the behavior is not corrected, the member may be expelled.
3. Members who have caused controversy by criticizing other teams (other university teams, clubs they belong to) on school community bulletin boards or other external spaces (SNS) may be required to post a warning and an apology, and the authority to issue such orders lies with the president and executives.
Article 5 (Membership Fee)
The membership fee and opportunity fee for this club are as follows.
1. Opportunity Fee: New and returning students must pay an opportunity fee at the beginning of each semester
2. The opportunity fee is 20,000 won for both new and current students.
Article 6 (Operation)
In order to operate this club systematically and effectively, the following officers are appointed.
1. The election of executive officers is decided by a vote of members at the general meeting each semester.
2. The election of the chairman, general affairs manager, and director/vice director of education is decided by a vote of the executive members.
3. The election of the Vice-Chairman is decided by the Chairman.
4. The term of office of all executives, including the chairman, shall be one year. If a vacancy occurs among the executives, the term of office shall be decided by a vote of the executives, and the term of office of the executive who fills the vacancy shall be the remaining term of office of the predecessor.
5. The executive board has the right to discipline.
Article 7 (Business Plan)
This club aims to promote and expand sports climbing on campus at Kyung Hee University.
1. Plan and host an event using the Kyung Hee University College of Physical Education sports climbing facilities, inviting climbing clubs from universities across the country to plan the Kyung Hee University sports climbing competition.
2. A certain amount of expenses may be provided to players who participate in individual matches representing this club and Kyunghee University and win awards.
---
religionSports Mission Club
CLUB name is Navigator
Club Room Student Center Room 504, 603
Homepage http://www.navigators.or.kr/
Chairman (Representative) Kim Dong-wan (Department of Electronic Engineering, College of Electronic Information)
Vice Chairman Kim Ji-hoon (Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Electronic Information)
General Affairs Eom Hong-yoon (Department of Environmental Studies and Environmental Engineering, College of Engineering)
Kyung Hee University International Campus Navigator uses sports as a medium for missionary work.
---
Exhibition CreationPhotography Club
CLUB name is Finder
Club Room Student Center Room 719, 720
Homepage https://sites.google.com/view/khu-finder/
Jeong Ha-ram (CEO) Jeong Ha-ram (Department of Sports Medicine, College of Physical Education)
Vice President Hong Tae-hee (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
General Affairs Jin Yu-hyeon (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
This association is an autonomous organization that satisfies the pure artistic desires of those who love photography and promotes friendship among them.
---
Exhibition CreationCalligraphy Club
CLUB name is Cali lamp
Club Room Student Center Room 520
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/_callilamp_/
Chairman (Representative) Seok-Young Kim (Department of Genetic Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
General Affairs Ha-Eun Yoon (Department of Ceramics, College of Arts and Design)
This association contributes to increasing familiarity with art through the activity called 'Calligraphy' and 'Art in Life'. Also, through regular activities, it can improve the skills of members and promote friendship. By donating the net profit from participating in school events, it will strive to create a brighter world.
---
Taken awayOrchestra Club
CLUB name is KUCO
Club Room Student Center Room 702, 703, 704
Homepage https://instagram.com/kuco_amateur_orchestra?igshid=182nk6zc5382
Director (Representative) Lee Seung-yeop (Department of Chemical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Vice Director Na Chae-rin (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
General Affairs Lee Rae- ah (Department of Social Infrastructure Systems Engineering, College of Engineering) Public Relations
Park Ye-eun (Department of Japanese Language, College of Foreign Studies)
Administration Kwon Soon-chan (Department of Chemical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Music Director Son Min-jae (Department of Japanese Language, College of Foreign Studies)
The purpose of this association is to cultivate the emotions and culture of its members through various types of music based on an understanding of classical music through performance of Western classical music instruments, and to contribute to the creation and development of a sound university culture through concerts.
KUCO is an abbreviation for Kyunghee University Classical Orchestra. It was founded in 2000 and is an amateur orchestra group of Kyunghee University with a history of over 24 years. It aims to learn cooperation and communication through playing instruments and to create unforgettable memories of university life by holding regular concerts twice a year.
---
serviceChildren's Service Club
CLUB name is Go Eun-dae
Club Room Student Center Room 613
Homepage https://cafe.naver.com/goeundae
Chairman (Representative) Kim Yo-han (Department of Sports Guidance, College of Physical Education)
General Affairs Jang Hye-woo (Department of Mechanical Engineering , College of Engineering)
Vice-Chairman Jeong Won-hee (Department of Ceramics, College of Arts and Design)
Secretary Kim Dae-hyun (Department of Electronic Engineering, College of Electronic Information)
The purpose is to promote a sense of family full of humanity that combines a healthy college life with community service through research and practical activities on overall social welfare.
---
Taken awayBand Club
CLUB name is Talmud
Club Room Student Center Room 707
Homepage http://cafe.naver.com/khutalmood
Chairman (Representative) Jeong Min-gi (Department of Applied Chemistry, College of Applied Science)
Vice Chairman
Lee Si-eun (Department of Business Administration, College of Business Administration) General Affairs Choi Gyu-yeon (Department of Oriental Medicine and Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
OB Director Lim Ha-bin (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
As a band club, our goal is to promote musical skills and build membership through team activities, which are typical activities for a band.
---
gymYacht Club
CLUB name is Yacht Club
Club Room Student Center Room 601
Homepage Instagram: official_khyc
President (Representative) Seong Ra-won (Department of Nursing, College of Nursing Science)
General Affairs Byun Min-ju (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Equipment Manager Jeong A-won (Department of Sports Guidance, College of Physical Education)
This club promotes friendship among members through yacht sailing, increases profits, and seeks continuous development through systematic business, thereby leading the marine sports culture.
instagram: official_khyc 
Even if you don't know anything about yachts or can't exercise, if you have interest and passion, anyone is welcome! You can learn everything from the basics step by step, so please apply without any burden Also, you will be wearing a life jacket while sailing, and there will always be a coast guard or motorboat nearby, so it is safe even if you don't know how to swim!
A great advantage of Yacht Club! We belong to the 'National University Yacht Association' and interact with various schools such as Gachon University, Dankook University, Sejong University, Yonsei University, Ewha Womans University, Hanyang University, and Hongik University. Therefore, we can interact widely with students from not only Kyunghee University but also other schools.
You may be thinking, 'Isn't a yacht too expensive?' But since we have a boat owned by our club, you can ride a yacht on the Han River every week with the membership fee. If you participate actively, you can even ride the cruiser yachts of our seniors!
With sailing every weekend on the Han River and theoretical training scheduled once a month, you can not only socialize but also focus on yachting. Also, during the marine training period mentioned below, a coach is also present, so you can learn in more detail!
The Flower of Yacht Club Go on a 1-2 week marine training with the association during the vacation period to create unforgettable memories! Ride a yacht and interact with people, killing two birds with one stone In addition to this, there are many activities prepared with the association.
Is it just about the association activities?~ You can spend a lot of time at Kyung Hee University and participate in yacht competitions together, and make memories by going on a trip for 1 night and 2 days or 2 nights and 3 days! Make memories with the yacht club while traveling around the country to Jinhae, Pohang, Yeosu, etc.
---
AcademicStock investment club
CLUB name is HD A&I
Club Room Student Center Room 502
Homepage https://www.hdanalysis.com/
Chairman (Representative) Kim Ji-won (Department of International Studies, International College)
Vice Chairman Kang Cha-yoon (Department of French, Foreign Language College)
Fund Team Leader Han Jong-geun (Department of International Studies, International College)
HD A&I is currently discovering attractive companies through comprehensive analysis of macroeconomics, industries, and companies by current students and graduates. The research team analyzes the current status of the stock market and the contents of the industry and presents investment opinions. HD A&I is further enhancing the insight of analyzing companies by passionately discussing investment points and opinions with members of the society. HDA&I is a place where you can develop your own thoughts through continuous presentations and discussions. We are leading the society with various majors with one idea. Through the exchange of current students and graduates, we aim to not only strengthen the network in the financial sector but also spread its influence to other industries.
---
Hobbies and CultureForeigner/International Student Exchange Club
CLUB name is KHUddy (Khudi)
Club Room Student Hall 416
Homepage https://cafe.naver.com/khuddy/1263?tc=shared_link
Chairman (Representative) Song Ji-seon (Department of Chinese Language, College of Foreign Studies)
Planning Team A Team Leader Park Jeong-hyeon (Department of Economics, College of Political Science and Economics)
Planning Team B Team Leader Choi Seo-yoon (Department of Electronic Information Engineering, College of Electronic and Information)
Planning Team C Team Leader Choi Yeon-jae (Department of Smart Farm Science, College of Life Sciences) Public
Relations Team Leader Hwang Yu-bin (Department of International Studies, College of International Studies)
External Cooperation Team Leader Baek Hye-soo (Department of International Studies, College of International Studies)
Vice Chairman Park Yu-hyeon (Department of International Studies , College of International Studies)
KHUddy is an organization established in the spring of 2013 by the Department of International Studies with the aim of creating a space where international students and current students on the campus can interact and build positive experiences and memories.
---
AcademicRocket Club
CLUB name is TUSI
Club Room Student Center Room 510, 511
Chairman (Representative) Park Woo-joon (Department of Mechanical Engineering , College of Engineering)
Vice Chairman Park Jae-won (Department of Space Science, College of Applied Science) Minister of
Strategy and Finance Bang Ae-ran (Department of Genetic Biotechnology, College of Life Science)
Director of Technology Research Group Joo Dong-mook (Department of Space Science, College of Applied Science)
Advisory Committee Chairman Kim Yo-han (Department of Nuclear Engineering, College of Engineering)
Director of System Management Department Jang Young-jin (Department of Space Science, College of Applied Science)
The purpose of this club is to conduct research and expand the base of rockets.
Introduction to Fighting
Kyung Hee University's rocket research group TUSI (Time Universe Space & I) was founded in 1985 as a small group of Kyung Hee University's Department of Space Science, and boasts a long history to this day. Through the efforts and research of the early members, TUSI has produced its own 18cm composite motor, a product of its efforts, and has stabilized small motors and has maintained them without any major accidents. As a club with a long history, it has won many awards by participating in rocket competitions with its rich experience and accumulated production know-how, and will become a club where anyone can easily encounter rockets in the future.
Main activities
1. Regular general meeting every Thursday
2. Early May: Founding ceremony where a 100m rocket is launched and seniors and juniors meet
3. Early August: Participated in the National University Rocket Association (NURA) (400m rocket) with 12 universities nationwide
Awards: 2015 NURA Competition Bronze Medal 2016 NURA Competition Silver Medal 2017 NURA Competition Bronze Medal 2018 NURA Competition Bronze Medal 2021 NURA Competition Bronze Medal 2022 NURA Competition Grand Prize (Minister's Award)
4. 2nd semester: Rocket improvement research, participation in exhibitions, and other free activities
5. MT with members in spring or fall
---
gymBaseball club
CLUB name is Kyunghee Lions
Club Room Student Center Room 503
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/khu_lions_bb
Chairman (Representative) Lee Jun-seo (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Director Jeong Ju-yeon (Department of Golf Industry, College of Physical Education)
General Affairs Cha Seong-ho (Department of Sports Medicine, College of Physical Education)
Manager Park Ga-hyeon (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
The purpose of this club is to improve baseball skills as a college student, and through this, to increase physical strength, maintain health, and of course to have a human bond with each other. We strive to create a sense of unity in the club.
' Baseball powerhouses the US, Korea, Gyeongguk '
Hello, this is the Lions, the central baseball club at Kyunghee University’s International Campus.
Kyunghee Lions was founded in 1982 and is still active for 42 years, in 2024.
“The only central baseball club at Kyung Hee University’s International Campus.”
Kyunghee Lions actively welcomes these types of people.
• Those who want to learn baseball directly from a coach who is a former Kyunghee University player
• Anyone who wants to play light catch ball even if they are not a professional baseball player
• Anyone who wants to have a free conversation about baseball games and rules
• People who want to meet students from various departments
• Anyone who wants to watch their favorite baseball team’s game together!
• Players and managers with even the slightest interest in baseball, please join the Kyunghee Lions.
When it comes to Lions, the most important thing is the family atmosphere!
From freshmen to last semester~! Kyunghee Lions embraces all grades, classes, and all departments.
The Kyunghee Lions are the strongest team, with a strong sense of belonging and harmony between seniors and juniors, united by the common denominator of “baseball”!
However, it doesn't end with a harmonious atmosphere, but with the skills and experience of winning and being runner-up many times, there is only one thing we don't have. It's "you".
[ Activity Contents]
- Every Monday/Thursday, 15:00-17:00, regular practice and friendly matches at Building 6 Baseball Stadium (hosted by coaches and managers who are former players)
- Annual league and tournament matches with other universities through the AUBL (National Amateur Baseball League)
- National competitions held during vacation through KUBA (National University Baseball Association) and KUSF (Korea University Sports Federation)
- Promoting harmony between seniors and juniors through events such as the OBYB event in June (a friendly match between seniors and current students), and the Baseball Night in December (an end-of-year gathering with seniors).
- Baseball stadium direct or small group gathering, club MT, other various company dinners, lightning and small gatherings
[ Manager activities]
- Game records (opportunity to learn about baseball records through records classes)
- A simple but fun game of catch with your friends!
- Take photos and videos of games and practices (Building club memories)
- Teeball tournament open to everyone (no obligation to participate!)
- SNS management such as Instagram, Naver Band, etc.
[ Award History]
• 2023 AUBL Quarterfinals
• 2023 KUBA Baseball & Tee Ball Festival IN Yanggu 3rd Place
• 2022 AUBL Quarterfinals
• 2021 AUBL 3rd place
• 2021 Hoengseong National Tee Ball & Baseball Festival Winner
• 2021 Yanggu Nature Center Cup KUBA Winner / KUBA 3rd Place from Yanggu
• 2020 KUBA Championship from Yanggu / KUSF Central Region Championship, 3rd place in the finals
• 2020, 2019 AUBL Quarterfinals
• 2018 Global League Champion / AUBL Round of 16 Advancement
• 2017 Global League Champion / AUBL Round of 16 Advancement
• 2016 AUBL Runner-up
• 2015 AUBL runner-up / Gyeonggi Love Baseball Tournament runner-up / National Tournament winner
• 2014 AUBL Champion
It doesn't matter if you don't have baseball skills or athletic ability! Anyone with a love and passion for baseball can join the Lions!
There is no prejudice that only male members exist in a baseball club! There are also many female members, so you can enjoy baseball comfortably! 
Lions always welcome new members, with no specific application period!
Please contact us at the executive number or, if it is too burdensome, you may contact us via Kyunghee Lions SNS message if you have any questions. We will respond.
If you contact the executives directly, please be sure to include [Department/Student Number]. This is to facilitate smooth club member recruitment, so we ask for your understanding. 
Chairman, Department of Physical Education, 20 Lee Jun-seo 010-3009-5405
Director Golf Industry Department 24 Jeong Ju-  yeon 010-8992-7260
Manager Jang, Physical Education Department 22 Park Ga-hyeon  010-3335-1574
INSTAGRAM :[@khu_lions_bb] https://www.instagram.com/khu_lions_bb
FACEBOOK :[ Kyunghee University Lions – Lions] https://www.facebook.com/KyungheeLionsbaseballteam
---
Taken awayParty Culture Planning Club
CLUB name is KICKIN' HYBRID
Club Room Student Center Room 420
Homepage Facebook: https://m.facebook.com/Kickinhybrid/ Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/kickin_hybrid_official/
Chairman (Representative) Jin Ho-jun (Department of International Studies, College of International Studies)
Vice-Chairman Choi Ji-woo (Department of Clothing Design, College of Arts and Design)
Vice-Chairman Yoon Chae-hee (Department of Sports Medicine, College of Physical Education)
The purpose of this club is to lead and widely spread advanced culture by having club members plan and implement healthy and new cultural content of their own choice with the rich creativity and passion of college students in their 20s and interact with various people.
---
gymMarathon Club
CLUB name is Kuma
Club Room Student Center Room 401
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/khuma_running/
Chairman (Representative) Lee Sang-ha (College of Life Sciences, Department of Smart Farm Science)
General Affairs Yoo Jun-won (College of Electronics and Information, Department of Electronic Engineering)
Planning Director Kim Ga-on (College of Foreign Studies, Department of Korean Language)
Public Relations Director Hong Yeo-jun (College of Software Convergence, Department of Software Convergence )
Training Director Baek Jong-beom (College of Physical Education, Department of Sports Guidance)
Planning Member Kim Yong-chan (College of Applied Sciences, Department of Applied Physics)
Planning Member Kim Hyeon-seo (College of Applied Sciences, Department of Applied Chemistry ) Planning
Member Song In-hyeok (College of Software Convergence, Department of Computer Engineering) Planning Member Jeong Su-hyeon (College of Engineering, Department of Environmental Studies and Environmental Engineering) Public Relations Member Kim Ye-jin (College of Art and Design, Department of Clothing Design) Public Relations Member Hong Seok-ju (College of Life Sciences, Department of Smart Farm Science) Training Member Ryu Dae-seon (College of Electronics and Information, Department of Electronic Engineering) Training Member Park Heon-soo (College of Engineering, Department of Mechanical Engineering) Training Member Seo Chae-won (College of Engineering, Department of Nuclear Engineering) Training Member Jeong Se-rang ( Graduate School , Department of Electronic Engineering) Training Member Ji Hyo-geun (College of Foreign Studies) Department of Global Communication)
Kuma, created by combining KHU and Marathon, is the running crew of Kyung Hee University International Campus.
1. Regular Run (Every Monday, every other Thursday at 6:30 PM)
- We provide workouts tailored to the course, length, and pace so that beginners can easily do them.
- There may be changes to the day of the week.
2. Special Running
- Once or twice a month, I run in a different place than where I usually run.
- Giheung Lake Park, Gwanggyo Lake Park, etc. 
3. Lightning Running
- We run together with people who can, at a time when they would like to run individually.
4. Participate in a marathon
-We are planning to participate in a group marathon in November.
---
gymAmerican Football Club
CLUB name is Commanders
Club Room Student Center Room 708
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/khufootball
Claim (Representative) Ban Tae-woo (Department of Electronic Engineering, College of Electronic Information)
Senior Executive Han Mi-reu (Department of Tourism, College of Hotel and Tourism)
This club aims to improve physical strength and foster teamwork through American football, thereby promoting personal growth and harmony among members.
Kyunghee University American Football Team Commanders
KHU Commanders?
Commanders was founded in 2022 and is a joint sports club of Seoul Campus and International Campus.
Representing Kyung Hee University, the Commanders will compete in the 2024 Fall College Football League. 
What is American Football?
- It is a sport with such great popularity that it is called one of the four major professional sports in North America.
- 11 people form a team, and unlike soccer, each player takes on a specialized position (there are 14 types).
- The game is played by dividing into Offense, Defense, and Special Teams.
- The Offense Team must advance 10 yards within 4 possessions to get another 4 possessions. The goal is to continue advancing and reach the end zone with the ball (touchdown) to score points.
- The Defense Team aims to stop the offensive team's advance and convert the offense before they score.
- For Special Teams, the goal is to create an advantage for the offensive or defensive team in special situations (scoring situations, kickoffs, punts, etc.).
[Player Recruitment]
- Even if you are small or big! You are welcome!
- Since you wear protective gear specifically for American football, you can play without getting hurt if you learn properly.
- There are suitable positions according to height and weight, so anyone can enjoy American football.
- If you want a rough and manly exercise, you are welcome!
- Those who want to feel warm friendship within One Team!
[Manager Recruitment]
- During training, you will be responsible for conducting and supporting training.
- Outside of training, you will be working as part of the administration team/design team/public relations team.
- Administrative Team: General affairs, game record management, other administrative tasks
- Design Team: Production and ordering of American football club merchandise
- Public Relations Team: Everytime, Instagram SNS Management 
- Common tasks: filming and taking photos, scouting and analyzing other college games
It doesn't matter if this is your first time playing American football. Most college football players in South Korea first encounter and start playing American football in college.
The coaches and veteran players will teach you with all their heart, so all you need to do is come with passion and determination.
Starting in the winter of 2024, the Kyunghee University Flag Football Team will also be established and will participate in the National Flag Football Competition in the first semester of 2025.
We are waiting for you who want to enjoy a special college life!
If you have any questions, please contact us using the contact information below.
Claim: Bantaewu 010-9796-7550
Vice-Chief: Hyun-Kyu Yoon 010-3835-4111
Manager Captain: Bae Ye-jin 010-3239-3019
COMMANDERS INSTAGRAM: [@khufootball]
https://www.instagram.com/khufootball/
Jeon Jin-kyung Hee Lion King
Kyunghee is advancing and fighting with all its might
---
AcademicSports Marketing Club
CLUB name is Dreyfus
Club Room Student Center Room 512, 513
Website https://www.instagram.com/drepos_khu/
Chairman (Representative) Jin Gyu-seong (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Vice Chairman Kim Kang-min (Department of Sports Guidance, College of Physical Education)
Public Relations Director Choi Hye-in (Department of Spanish, College of Foreign Languages)
General Affairs Director Noh Yeong-chae (Department of Golf Industry, College of Physical Education)
Drepos aims to gather passion and effort for sports marketing to lay the foundation for the development of sports marketing and to become the driving force behind sports marketing and contribute to the prosperity of the sports industry. It aims to accumulate theoretical knowledge and practical experience necessary for the sports marketing industry through regular study, exchanges with seniors, regular exchanges through alliances with other schools, and hosting seminars.
DREPOS is the central academic society of Kyung Hee University Sports Marketing, which was launched in May 2002. DREPOS is an abbreviation for Dreaming People of Sports Marketing, and means "together with people who have dreams and passion for sports marketing." It is a club that shares various trends, knowledge, and information related to sports marketing and grows together. 
DREFORS aims to gather passion and effort for sports marketing to lay the foundation for the development of sports marketing and to become a driving force for sports marketing and contribute to the prosperity of the sports industry. It aims to accumulate theoretical knowledge and practical experience necessary for the sports marketing industry through regular study, exchanges with seniors, regular exchanges through alliances with other schools, and hosting seminars.
---
gymTennis Club
CLUB name is Loves
Club room :College of Engineering, underground parking lot, basement level 1, 3rd floor, room with stairs
Chairman (Representative) Kim Soo-min (Department of Chinese Language, College of Foreign Studies)
Vice Chairman Jo In-hwan (Department of Physical Education , College of Physical Education)
Training Director Jeong Gi -beom (Department of Software Convergence, College of Software Convergence)
Training Director
Jeong Su-ah (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education) Training Deputy Director Lee Gyeong -hwan (Department of Clothing Design, College of Arts and Design)
Training Deputy Director Yoon Hyeon-seo (Department of Chemical Engineering, College of Engineering)
General Affairs Kim Ye-jin (Department of Chemical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Public Relations Director Lee Yeon-ji (Department of Architectural Engineering, College of Engineering)
The purpose of this club is to promote friendship among members through tennis, to help each other, and to contribute to the health management and skill development of members.
---
religionEvangelism and Discipleship Club
CLUB name is CCC
Club Room Student Center Room 617
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/khuccc_global/
Representative (President) Hyunseong Cho (College of Engineering, Department of Social Infrastructure Systems Engineering)
Vice President
Yedam Seo (College of International Studies, Department of International Studies)
General Affairs Yunseo Kim (College of Engineering, Department of Architectural Engineering) General Affairs Hyeonho Shin (College of Engineering, Department of Mechanical Engineering) Secretary
Seok Kang (College of Physical Education, Department of Sports Medicine)
DS Yujin Kim (College of Foreign Studies, Department of Global Communication)
Accountant Minjae Lee (College of Engineering, Department of Social Infrastructure Systems Engineering)
To raise up a movement of Christ filled with the Holy Spirit who actively seeks to fulfill the Lord's earthly commission, by training ourselves, training others, and passing this movement on to the next generation.
---
gymBasketball club
CLUB name is SNAP
Club Room Student Center Room 602
Homepage https://cafe.naver.com/snap1987
Chairman (Representative) Nam Ki-wan (College of Engineering, Department of Architectural Engineering )
Training Director Kim Seong-jun (College of Engineering, Department of Mechanical Engineering)
Contact Director Kang Jae-beom (College of Software Convergence, Department of Computer Engineering)
37th Class President Kim Dong-hyun (College of Applied Science, Department of Applied Physics)
38th Class President Kim Se-eun (College of Arts and Design, Department of Theater and Film)
SNAP works to promote development and harmony among amateur basketball clubs, and further to achieve harmony and world peace through basketball in Korea and around the world.
---
Taken awaydance club
CLUB name is BMB
Club Room Student Center Room 507
Homepage Instagram: @khu_bmb
Chairman (Representative) Kang Jae-hyun (Department of Food and Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Vice Chairman Lee Ho-jin (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Executive Director Park Chae-won (Department of Sports Medicine , College of Physical Education)
Breaking Team Leader Park Se-eun (Department of Plant and Environmental New Materials Engineering, College of Life Sciences)
Hip-hop Team Leader Noh Seung-yeon (Department of Space Science, College of Applied Sciences)
Girls Hip-hop Team Leader Park So-yeon (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Wacking Team Leader Moon Hee-won (Department of Digital Content, College of Art and Design)
Popping Team Leader Kim Do-young (Department of Social Infrastructure Systems Engineering, College of Engineering)
Choreo Team Leader Kim Jun-hee (Department of Food and Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Locking Team Leader Hwang Seo-yeon (Department of Chinese Language, College of Foreign Studies)
General Affairs Shin Sol-ji (Department of Digital Content, College of Art and Design)
This club is a dance club at Kyunghee University, and we can learn and teach dances of various genres and genres that members want. It was created to help students who like dancing to pursue their hobbies during their college life and to be a great force in the university culture.
BMB is an abbreviation for 'Body Music Body', and it is a street dance club with the meaning of 'music flows between bodies.' It started as an engineering club in 1998 and changed to a central club in 2007. As a result of active activities both on and off campus, it has now become the largest central club on campus with 170 students. In line with the purpose of a street dance club, you can directly learn various street dances of your choice, such as popping, waacking, locking, girls' hip-hop, urban, and b-boying. We always try to help students approach unfamiliar genres of dance more easily and to stimulate their interest in dance. Therefore, anyone who likes to dance, not just those who are good at dancing, can join without any burden. We practice at least twice a week to improve our skills, and we broaden our horizons about dance by going to various performances and participating directly to make various efforts to improve ourselves.
BMB is constantly creating opportunities for people who don’t know much about dancing to interact with each other through busking and regular performances on and off campus to promote street dance, which is not yet popular, and is always challenging new things to develop the club. We have signed agreements with five schools in the Suwon area (Kangnam University, Kyunghee University, Kyunghee University, Sungkyunkwan University, and Ajou University) and are hosting and participating in the 1,000 Won Bread Battle five times a year.
We participate in the 'The Union', a national university strip dance club association event hosted by Flowmaker, every year, and show high-level performances. We are also an active member of UDC, a national university street dance club association, and we consistently participate in events hosted by UDC. We regularly hold about 3 busking events, 1 homecoming day event, 1 regular performance, and 1 freshman orientation performance every year, and we also participate in on-campus and external invitation and event performances.
The club promotion is managed by a separate promotion team, and events and announcements on and off campus are delivered through the BMB official website ( https://khu-bmb.club ) and Instagram page (https://www.instagram.com/khu_bmb/). In addition, the club shares its own Naver Cloud and YouTube accounts so that club members can access performance videos whenever they need them.
---
Exhibition CreationFilm Club
CLUB name isLight Hunting
Club Room Student Union Building 417
Homepage https://www.youtube.com/@user-kl7zv3if9k
Chairman (Representative) Lim Soo-bin (Department of Visual Design, College of Art and Design )
Director of Operations Kim Tae-ryeong (Department of Industrial Design, College of Art and Design)
Director of
Planning Lim Tae-young (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering) Director of Public Relations Lee Yu-gyeong (Department of Digital Content, College of Art and Design)
Director of Culture Kim Joo-yeon (Department of Ceramics, College of Art and Design)
Director of Production Baek Min-ju (Department of Digital Content, College of Art and Design)
The purpose of this meeting is to promote understanding of the art of film through film creation, to strengthen friendship, and to create a lively school life based on friendship among members.
---
Taken awayMusical Club
CLUB name isKemu
Club Room Student Center Room 414, 415, 612
Website https://instagram.com/chemu_official_?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
Chairman (Representative) Kim Ji-hyun (College of Engineering, Department of Environmental Studies and Environmental Engineering) Director Choi Han-na
( College of Engineering, Department of Environmental Studies and Environmental Engineering)
Director Yoon Yu-rim (College of Engineering, Department of Mechanical Engineering)
Choreography Yoo Sa-rang (College of Foreign Studies, Department of Russian Language)
Stage Design Promotion Kim Kyung-tae (College of Engineering, Department of Environmental Studies and Environmental Engineering)
Stage Design Promotion Jo Min-jun (College of Physical Education, Department of Taekwondo)
Music Yoon Joo-eun (College of Arts and Design, Department of Postmodern Music)
Contribute to university cultural activities and promote friendship through musicals.
---
Exhibition CreationSports Magazine Club
CLUB name is REGULUS
Club Room Student Center Room 616
Homepage https://blog.naver.com/reguluskhu
Editor-in-Chief (Representative) Kim A-young (Department of French , University of Foreign Studies )
Deputy Editor
in-Chief Lee Yu-jeong (Department of Oriental Medicine, University of Oriental Medicine) Deputy Editor-in-Chief Lee Gyeong-min (Department of Physical Education, University of Physical Education)
Deputy Editor-in-Chief Shin Seung-hyeon (Department of Spanish, University of Foreign Studies)
Kyung Hee University's only sports magazine, REGULUS, is a sports magazine club founded in 2013.
Regulus, which informs the history of college sports, which are the foundation of professional sports, and the proud Kyung Hee University sports, means the alpha star of Leo. It contains the meaning of brightly illuminating the path that Kyung Hee University sports will take, inspired by the lion, which symbolizes Kyung Hee University.
---
serviceAnimal protection club
CLUB name is Treasure trove
Club Room Student Union Building 716
Homepage Instagram @bori_khu
Chairman (Representative) Lee Eum (Department of Clothing Design, College of Arts and Design)
Vice Chairman Kim Won-ki (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
General Affairs Song Chae-eun (Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Electronics and Information)
Service Planning Department
Kang Min-chae ( Department of Nuclear Engineering, College of Engineering)
Service Planning Department Kim Byeong -mo (Department of Applied Physics, College of Applied Science) Service Planning Department Kim Hyeon-woong (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Service Planning Department Jeong Woo-jeong (Department of Spanish, College of Foreign Languages)
Service Planning Department Jeong Ui-seon (Department of Biomedical Engineering, College of Electronics and Information)
Design Department Koo Min-seo (Department of Electronic Information Engineering, College of Electronics and Information)
Design Department Park Ji-young (Department of Digital Contents, College of Arts and Design)
Ryu Ji-oh Ryu Ji-oh (Department of Electronic Information Engineering, College of Electronics and Information)
The purpose is to raise awareness of animal protection and promote friendship through practical activities such as volunteer work at an animal shelter by gathering together people who love animals.
Hello! This is the central club 'Bokumjari' of Kyunghee University International Campus. We are looking for members to join us for activities for one semester.
Our Bogeumjari is interested in animals! We love animals! We want to do activities based on that heart! We welcome those who do so with open arms
---
Hobbies and CultureIntegrated liquor club
CLUB name is Swallowing
Club Room Student Union Building 717, 718
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/official_swalling?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet&igsh=ZDNlZDc0MzIxNw==
Chairman (Representative) Seo Moon-kyo (Department of Russian Language, College of Foreign Studies)
Vice Chairman Lee Yong-min (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Management Team Jeon Min-seok (Department of Oriental Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Management Team Jo Seung-min (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
1. Promote camaraderie among members.
2. Improve members' knowledge and skills.
3. Actively participate in school and social activities.
4. Improve our qualifications and work hard on external promotional activities.
5. Learn about and enjoy various types of alcohol.
Swallowing holds cocktail classes at least twice a month.
We also hold irregular tasting sessions focusing on wine, cocktails, and liquor. 
The location is basically a club room, but we also plan to rent a party room to hold a large-scale general meeting.
The membership fee is 35,000 won per semester, and is used entirely for purchasing alcohol and snacks for the cocktail classes held twice a month, as well as for maintenance in the club room.
For alcohol purchases, I mainly use Homeplus near the school and the Namdaemun liquor store.
There are also a variety of activities available, including wine classes and creative cocktail contests.
During the tasting, you can try your hand at making your own cocktail.
This club is perfect for those who want to try a variety of new drinks and meet new people.
Anyone who knows a lot about alcohol, or who wants to know a lot about alcohol but isn't there yet, can become a Swallowing member! 
---
Taken awayClassical Guitar Club
CLUB name is HEXA
Club Room Student Union Building 709, 710
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/khu_hexa?igsh=MWVrMnZzczJxaTZtcQ==
Chairman (Representative) Kang Ji-hoon (Department of Genetic Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Vice Chairman Lee Sang-dong (Department of Electronic Engineering, College of Electronics and Information)
Representative Band Leader Wang Gang-su ( Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
Band Leader Kim Joo-young (Department of Architectural Engineering, College of Engineering)
Band Leader Lee Chang-ho (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Public Relations Director Jang Yoon-hee (Department of Digital Contents, College of Arts and Design)
Public Relations Member Lee Ye-geon (Department of Industrial Design, College of Arts and Design)
General Affairs Bae Yeong-seo (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
The purpose of this association is to encourage each member to pursue an emotional life through classical guitar performances and to promote friendship among members.
Hello, this is HEXA, the central guitar club of Kyunghee University International Campus.
Anyone who is new to the guitar can join the club and practice playing classical and acoustic guitar!
There are also concerts every semester.
Every day, there are lessons from the band leaders for about 1 hour and 30 minutes!
---
Hobbies and CultureMystery Club
CLUB name is Sherlock
Club Room Student Center Room 418, 419
Website https://www.instagram.com/khu_sherlock/
Chairman (Representative) Kim Chang-hee (Department of Social Infrastructure Engineering, College of Engineering) Vice Chairman
Han Seo-in (Department of International Studies, College of International Studies) General Affairs Joo Sang-hoo (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering) Crime Scene Executives Seok Myeong-jin (Department of Electronic and Information Engineering, College of Electronic and Information) Design Executives Seong Jae-yoon (Department of Global Communication, College of Foreign Studies) Board Game Executives Kim Gwan-woo (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
This club aims to improve reasoning and thinking skills through various activities such as board games, crime scenes, and escape rooms, and to realize community values ​​through healthy competition with a spirit of fair play and friendship among club members.
---
AcademicEntrepreneurship Club
CLUB name is FLIP
Club Room Student Center Room 413
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/khuflip_official/
Seoul C President (Representative) Park Yoon-chan (Department of Hospitality Management, College of Hotel and Tourism Management) International
C President Kim Ha-jin (Department of Industrial Management Engineering, College of Engineering) International C Vice President Lee Eun-seo (Department of Industrial Design, College of Art and Design) Seoul C Vice President Kim Min-seon (Department of International Trade, College of Political Science and Economics) Executives Kim Da-hoon (Department of Digital Contents, College of Art and Design) Executives Cha Hong-seok (Department of Industrial Management Engineering, College of Engineering) Executives Park Hyeon-seo (Department of Hospitality Management, College of Hotel and Tourism Management)
Welcome! This is 'FLIP', the largest single entrepreneurship club at Kyung Hee University ! laugh
FLIP stands for ' let's turn things upside down ' and refers to people who take on challenges.
In 2023, [FLIP]  will be carried out as a team project with the goal of carrying out a mission and reaching the destination.
What we do  - FLIP is the best college student employment and entrepreneurship society where college students who want to challenge, fail, and succeed can gather to proactively strengthen their practical entrepreneurial capabilities, experience various projects, and form an employment and entrepreneurship network.
Position  - 1. FLIP aims to serve as an early stage incubator that helps members take on various challenges through its own network and guides them on the path to employment and entrepreneurship.
2. FLIP aims to provide people preparing for employment and entrepreneurship with various insights and to enable them to utilize various human networks.
In 2023, FLIP plans to carry out mission activities through the team composition above.
FLIP Homepage: https://www.instagram.com/khuflip_official/
Basic Entrepreneurship Education:  We provide education on entrepreneurship and investment attraction, including writing business plans and IR presentations.
Special lectures by current professionals : Listen to lectures by current professionals who will provide practical help in employment and entrepreneurship, such as CEOs, CTOs, CMOs, venture capitalists, and corporate executives, and have time to ask questions.
Collaborative Project:   After forming a team through a team building day, we decide on a business item and proceed with a Lean Startup project for 5 weeks.
Crowdfunding project : Create a prototype in the short term to verify marketability and then proceed with sales.
Demo day: 
Mentoring: This is a place where you can receive A to Z mentoring from startup representatives, VCs, and other experts regarding the project regarding areas that you are lacking while carrying out the project.
---
serviceVolunteer club for the elderly living alone
CLUB name is lighthouse
Club Room Student Center Room 516
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/lighthouse_official_/?hl=ko
Chairman (Representative) Woo Sung-hyun (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Art Seo Jun-ho (Department of Industrial Design, College of Art and Design)
Site Kim Jong-jin (Department of Applied Physics, College of Applied Science)
General Affairs Choi Hyeon (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
Operation Lee Seon-woo (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Planning Kim Se-hoon (Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering) Public Relations Son Hye-
ryeong (Department of Industrial Design, College of Art and Design)
The purpose of this association is to foster the self-development, love, cooperation, service, and creativity of each member through volunteer work for the elderly living alone, and to lead a rewarding college life through the formation of leadership character.
The purpose of this club is to foster the spirit of love, cooperation, service, and creativity among its members, and to lead a rewarding college life through the formation of a leader-like personality. By signing an official MOU with Samsung Noble County, we can visit the elderly on a regular basis every month to feel the spirit of love and service, and feel the spirit of cooperation and creativity through events within the club.
---
AcademicData Analysis/AI Club
CLUB name is KHUDA
Club Room Student Center Room 609
Chairman (Representative) Jeong Yu-jin ( Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
Vice Chairman Jeong So-yeon (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
Director of External Cooperation Lee Seung-jun (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
Finance Track Leader Shin Kyeong- soo (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
Planning Director Lee Su-min (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Member of External Cooperation Hwang Jong-hoon (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Computer Vision Track Leader Lee Ha-young (Department of Software Convergence, College of Software Convergence)
Data Business Track Leader Kim Chae-young (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
Education Director Hong Min-hyeok (Department of Spanish, College of Foreign Studies)
Natural Language Processing Track Leader Kim Jae -wook (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence)
Deploy Track Leader Park Hyeon-jun (Department of Software Convergence, College of Software Convergence)
Planning Member Yoon So-eun (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
KHUDA aims to create a culture where members teach and learn from each other, overcome their own limitations, and rapidly develop their data analysis and AI utilization capabilities.
---
gymKendo Club
CLUB name is Kendo Club
Club Room Student Center Room 608
Chairman (Representative) Park Hyeon-woo (College of Engineering, Department of Industrial and Management Engineering)
Vice Chairman Jeong Sang- byeok (College of Engineering, Department of Social Infrastructure Systems Engineering)
Training Director Park Si-eun (College of Physical Education, Department of Sports Guidance)
Public Relations Director Ban Ha- eun (College of Arts and Design, Department of Visual Design )
Planning Director Lee Hee-jae (College of Physical Education, Department of Taekwondo)
Facility Management Director Jang Se-hoon (College of Physical Education, Department of Physical Education)
General Affairs Kim So-jeong (College of Life Sciences, Department of Food and Biotechnology)
The Kyung Hee University Kendo Club is an amateur group that pursues a rich college life by training the mind and body through kendo and promoting friendship among members.
---
gymeSports Club
CLUB name is ESPers
Club Room Student Union Building 711
Homepage Instagram "@khu_espers" (https://www.instagram.com/khu_espers) / YouTube "KHU ESPers" (https://www.youtube.com/@khuespers7668)
International Campus Representative (Representative) Lee So-jeong (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design)
President Lee Seung-heon (Department of Sociology, College of Economics and Political Science)
Vice President Kim Do-heon (Department of Ceramics, College of Arts and Design)
Vice President Yoon Ji-min (Department of Fashion, College of Life Science)
The club aims to bring together students interested in gaming to enjoy games and interact with each other within the club while also exploring career paths related to e-sports.
This is a club where students interested in e-sports gather to enjoy games and explore careers related to e-sports. Students from both the Seoul and International campuses enjoy various games such as League of Legends, Overwatch, and Valorant regardless of campus. Internally, the club holds regular civil wars and competition viewing parties every week, and also runs vacation and end-of-semester events and industry-related employment clubs. Externally, it holds and supports competitions on campus, holds exchanges with other schools, participates in off-campus competitions, and tours game companies.
---
gymswimming club
CLUB name is Freestyle
Club Room Student Union Building 508
Chairman (Representative) Song Ye-seo (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Southern Chairman Baek In-gyu (Department of Chemical Engineering, College of Engineering)
Female Chairman Park Ye-seung (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Training Director Ji In-tae (Department of Industrial and Management Engineering, College of Engineering)
General Affairs Park Si-yeon (Department of Golf Industry, College of Physical Education)
Hello, this is Kyunghee University Swimming Club Freestyle.
We are the only swimming club at Kyunghee University.
Swimming is a representative lifestyle sport, and if you learn it, you can enjoy it for the rest of your life.
In particular, since you exercise in the water, there is less risk of injury and it does not put a lot of strain on your body.
Therefore, unlike other sports, you can swim for a long time.
Also, representative qualifications include lifestyle sports qualification and lifeguard qualification.
If you obtain these, you can work as a swimming instructor or other related jobs.
Hello! This is Kyung Hee University Swimming Club Freestyle!
We are the only swimming club at Kyung Hee University!
Swimming is a lifestyle sport, so once you learn it, you can enjoy it for life!
Especially, since you exercise in the water, there is less risk of injury and it does not put a lot of strain on your body!
Therefore, unlike other sports, it has the advantage of being able to exercise for a long time :)
Representative qualifications include the 'Physical Education Instructor Level 1/2' qualification and the 'Lifeguard' qualification, and
if you obtain these, you can work in swimming pool-related jobs such as swimming instructors or lifeguards!
---
Taken awayVocal Lesson Club
CLUB name is Song of Youth
Club Room Student Center Room 505
Homepage Instagram @khu_chungbyul
Chairman (Representative) Shin Dong-yeop (College of Engineering, Department of Architectural Engineering)
Vice Chairman Woo Hee-seop (College of Engineering, Department of Mechanical Engineering)
Planning Director Choi Ji-won (College of Physical Education, Department of Taekwondo)
Public Relations Director Lee Hyeon-jin (College of Art and Design, Department of Digital Contents)
Planning Director Kim Gyu-baek (College of Engineering, Department of Architectural Engineering)
General Affairs Kwon Ki-hwan (College of Engineering, Department of Social Infrastructure Systems Engineering)
<Youthful Song> is a club that invites professional vocal trainers every semester to provide lessons, and at the same time, plans and operates music activities such as busking and singing competitions so that students can enjoy real music activities. It is for students who love and are passionate about singing, regardless of their skills. Even if students do not participate in lessons, they can participate in activities such as busking and festivals, or go on trips together to do vocal activities, thereby promoting friendship. The club activities focus on improving vocal skills and activating hobby activities.
---
Hobbies and CultureStationery & Handwriting Correction Club
CLUB name is Transcription
Club Room Student Center Room 614
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/pilsa_graphy/
President (Representative) Park Kyung-bin (Department of Genetics and Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Vice President Ga Seong-yeon (Department of Applied Chemistry, College of Applied Sciences)
Production Study Assistant Shin Chae-bin (Department of Genetics and Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences)
Advisor Seo Jun-hee (Department of Genetics and Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences ) Regular Meeting
Assistant Park Su-min (Department of Golf Industry, College of Physical Education) Regular Meeting Assistant Jeong Do-i (Department of Japanese, College of Foreign Languages) Regular Meeting Assistant Lee Woo-joo (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design) Regular Meeting Assistant Lee Yeon-woo (Department of Food and Biotechnology, College of Life Sciences) Advisor Park Geon -hee (Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence) Regular Meeting Chair Park Ji-hwan ( Department of Computer Engineering, College of Software Convergence) Production Study Director Kim Ye-ryeong (Department of International Studies, College of International Studies) Production Study Assistant Kim Su-hyeon (Department of Visual Design, College of Arts and Design) General Affairs Shin Seung-hyeon (Department of Space Science, College of Applied Science)
---
gymSkin scuba club
CLUB name is Soshak
Club Room Student Center Room 605
Han Hyun-goo (Representative) Han Hyun-goo (Department of Sports Medicine, College of Physical Education)
1. Our members gather based on the love of nature and the spirit of adventure developed through scuba diving, and the trust and affection between seniors and juniors.
2. We seek to promote friendship among members and to enhance goodwill between seniors and juniors.
Our skin scuba diving club, ‘Soshak’, is a long-running club that has been around for 46 years.
We will guide you into the world of safe diving based on ‘skin scuba’, commonly referred to as the sport of the aristocracy.
The exchange between OB seniors and YB is smooth, and activities such as regular tours, swimming pool education, and national competitions are carried out.
This is a club that leads a healthy diving culture by communicating with university diving teams across the country through university diving committee activities.
Anyone can join regardless of age, grade, or major, as long as they love water and have the passion to attend training diligently, regardless of swimming ability.
Professional instructors will provide direct instruction and basic equipment is provided, so even beginners can learn diving without worrying about the cost.
However, due to the nature of diving, personal expenses are essential. There are swimming pool admission fees, transportation fees, certification fees, and a membership fee (50,000 won once a lifetime) for the continuous repair (management and improvement) of club equipment.
It is not just a simple academic club, so it is natural to spend the necessary amount of money. We provide a meaningful college life that you will not regret, with valuable education and experience that you will not regret spending money on, and international license issuance. Let's take the first step to enjoy the world's oceans together.
---
AcademicSports Industry Club
CLUB name is KBF(kyunghee_basketball_front)
Club Room Student Center Room 515
Homepage https://www.instagram.com/kyunghee_basketball/
Chairman (Representative) Lee Ji-soo (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Vice Chairman Hwang Do-woong (Department of Taekwondo, College of Physical Education)
General Affairs Koo Bon-woo (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Team Leader (Promotion Team) Song Ji-yoon (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Team Leader (Athlete Management Team) Jeong In (Department of Physical Education, College of Physical Education)
Team Leader (SNS Team) Yeo Ye-na (Department of Sports Medicine, College of Physical Education)
KBF aims to have more students enter the sports industry by allowing them to experience various practical tasks related to the front office of professional sports teams and to develop an interest in the sports industry based on this experience. It also helps students in the athletic department to advance to the professional ranks.
